feat: rename DisableTraceLocality to TraceCache (#1450)
honeycombio/refinery: refinery_config.md

- Type: `duration`
- Default: `15s`

### `TraceLocalityMode`

`TraceLocalityMode` controls the how Refinery handles spans that belongs to the same trace in a clustered environment.

When `concentrated`, Refinery will route all spans that belong to the same trace to a single peer.
This is the default behavior ("Trace Locality") and the way Refinery has worked in the past.
When `distributed`, Refinery will instead keep spans on the node where they were received, and forward proxy spans that contain only the key information needed to make a trace decision.

> This can reduce the amount of traffic between peers in most cases, and can help avoid a situation where a single large trace can cause a memory overrun on a single node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can reduce the amount of traffic between peers, and can help avoid a situation where a single large trace can cause a memory overrun on a single node.
```

If `distributed`, the amount of traffic between peers will be reduced, but the amount of traffic between Refinery and Redis will significantly increase, because Refinery uses Redis to distribute the trace decisions to all nodes in the cluster.
It is important to adjust the size of the Redis cluster in this case.

> NOTE: This setting is not compatible with `DryRun` when set to true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The total volume of network traffic in `distributed` mode should be expected to decrease unless the cluster size is very large (hundreds of nodes). 
NOTE: This setting is not compatible with `DryRun` when set to `distributed`.
```
